_aboutme.md, before:


It’s a me - Daniel. 

During the bachelor's degree programme, I started to develop the passion for creating games. Since back then my fascination is unbroken and I constantly work on game projects. During the master's degree programme, I worked in a research department in which I could gain expertise in game development and game design ... and satisfy my preference xD. Besides that, I have got experience in level design, sound design and more. The [projects]({{ site.baseurl }}/projects/) on this website are an excerpt, which should provide an overview of my work.

### Education
* 2015 - 2017: University of Applied Sciences Hagenberg - [Interactive Media](https://www.fh-ooe.at/en/hagenberg-campus/studiengaenge/master/interactive-media/) MSc
* 2012 - 2015: University of Applied Sciences Hagenberg - [Media Technology and Design](https://www.fh-ooe.at/en/hagenberg-campus/studiengaenge/bachelor/media-technology-and-design/) BSc

### Professional Experience
* 2015 - 2017 Researcher at [Playful Interactive Environments (PIE)](https://pie.fh-hagenberg.at/)
* 2007 - 2012 Programmer and technician in robotics

### Hobbies
* Travel
* Hiking
* History
* Games --> not only producing but also using them ;)

Commit message:

added eye contact; added nue; changed project dates;

_aboutme.md, after:


It’s a me - Daniel. 

During the bachelor's degree programme, I started to develop the passion for creating games. Since back then my fascination is unbroken and I constantly work on game projects. During the master's degree programme, I worked in a research department in which I could gain expertise in game development and game design ... and satisfy my preference xD. Besides that, I have got experience in level design, sound design and more. The [projects]({{site.baseurl}}/projects/) on this website are an excerpt, which should provide an overview of my work.
Simply [contact]({{site.baseurl}}/contact/) me if you have any questions.

### Education
* 2015 - 2017: University of Applied Sciences Hagenberg - [Interactive Media](https://www.fh-ooe.at/en/hagenberg-campus/studiengaenge/master/interactive-media/) MSc
* 2012 - 2015: University of Applied Sciences Hagenberg - [Media Technology and Design](https://www.fh-ooe.at/en/hagenberg-campus/studiengaenge/bachelor/media-technology-and-design/) BSc

### Professional Experience
* 2015 - 2017 Researcher at [Playful Interactive Environments (PIE)](https://pie.fh-hagenberg.at/)
* 2007 - 2012 Programmer and technician in robotics

### Hobbies
* Travel
* Hiking
* History
* Games --> not only producing but also using them ;)
